Emperor, Emperor Pastor's confidence
Fear of death
What sister li
beacon
The emperor must have eaten the food made by the whiskers
The strength of infection
Don't talk nonsense
We all ate, how are we okay?
That's the problem of feeding the chickens
Liang Wang also bought MSG for the emperor to eat
You mean that His Royal Highness the King of Liang wants to murder the Emperor?
I don't have His Royal Highness
That's not what I meant.
Wang Jun
The emperor got sick after eating the food you cooked
It must be because of you
It's you who's to blame
What does this have to do with us?
Taiyi 6 I ask you
What the emperor has determined is the righteousness of evil
Absolutely can't be wrong
Malignant strength is simply incurable
Then I'll ask you again.
The onset of malignant self-interest is a few days
More than four or five days
At least a day or two
I heard that the emperor has been ill for a day or two
What does it have to do with my food?
Again
You have been serving the emperor these days
Isn't your male driver so busy?